hey guys so it's the end of the month
again and I haven't done a favorites
video for you in a while so I thought um
it's a quick easy video for me to do and
with my crazy busy schedule I thought I
i would go ahead and film it for you
today and just get it up for you and
show you what what I've been loving for
the month of April so if you like the
favourites videos then go ahead and stay
tuned alright first favorite for my
foundation is the stay matte liquid
foundation by Rimmel so this is what it
looks like my color is number 203 true
beige and it's been a favorite of mine
for this month and for the month of
februari as well if every March and
April so three months I've been using it
non-stop but I love it it's got like
when you put it on your face it feels
like it's thick but then when you start
blending it out it's actually very soft
when you're done putting it on and you
don't feel like you're wearing any
foundation on at all and so this is what
I'm wearing today and I love it so this
is by Rimmel all right next up for my
eyes the palette that I've been using
the most for this month is the two-faced
alamode eyes it's French if you can tell
Adam mode so this is the cute little
packaging right here and here are all
the colors the ones that i've been using
the most of course our know why but are
the darkest i love my dark colors on my
eyes but today I'm actually wearing this
row right here mixed in with a little
bit of the nikah 2 palette but I
absolutely love these colors and it's
just a cute little fun palette I don't
know I just I'm obsessed with it I love
it and then for mascara my favorite
mascara is a little trial size that I
got when I bought something oh yeah when
I bought the palette that I just talked
about when i bought the palette they
gave me a free mascara trial size to try
and it is called the Too Faced better
than sex mascara now let me tell you
there is probably nothing in the world
better than sex so you know they name
does better than sucks um there you're
doing something
right if you know what I mean no but
anyway this mascara is really really
good i love it i love how it is shaped
i'm going to show you up close and then
i love how it makes my eyelashes look
when i put it on so i'm really loving
this mascara this is definitely a new
favorite and it took took over my other
favorite that I had which was the
l'oreal voluminous so yeah this is the
new favorite so my favorite gel liner
has been this one right here by the
brand called motives and I got this from
a friend she had sent me a couple of
motives things to try and I am obsessed
this is the best gel liner out there and
this is called little black dress I'm
going to go ahead and show you I've been
using like the crap out of it so it's
really a yucky inside um but let me just
go ahead and do a little swatch on the
hand on how black it is and it's
absolutely awesome i love it it's smooth
creamy hasn't dried out i've had it for
a while hasn't dried out on me so i
absolutely love this next up I'm gonna
show you my bahama mama bronzer and look
at how keep the packaging is it's just
so cute and then there's the color now I
use this basically to contour my face
and just do that I don't use it like for
bronzer kind of just for contour because
it's super dark if you use it just as a
bronzer but I'm absolutely obsessed um
the color is totally not and here's how
it's watches on the finger it looks
really really dark and brown but once
you blend it it's actually quite nice so
that's what it is the next things I'm
going to show our lipsticks the first
one is this NYX butter lipstick this is
the only 1i own but I want to go back
and get more because they are so dark
creamy and I just love the way they feel
on my lips and this color right here I'm
obsessed with this is called cotton
candy so this is what it
I love it I also love mixing this color
with other lipsticks to kind of tone him
down or just make them a little bit
lighter and then the last things are
just perfumes and i'll be done the
perfume that i've been using the most
this last month is called viva la juicy
juicy couture perfume and i know this is
probably like an old sent that everybody
owns but i've just recently started
using it and i love it its smell so good
and look at the cute little bottle i
love it and then another one that i got
in like a little sample on who knows
where i get my samples is i don't know
how to pronounce this as from Paris it's
called Hannah Murray or something like
that hannah murray I don't know but this
smells so good and I wish I could
describe sense for you but I can't oh my
gosh but I want to go back and get the
full full version and I'm going to show
this to my husband and give them a
little hint that this is the perfume I
want next so that was it for my
favorites and another thing i bought
just today are the two faced melted
lipsticks this one right here this pink
one is melted peony and this one is
melted violet so I was like obsessing
over these when i swatched him in
sephora i fell in love and then today i
finally bought them so i'm not going to
put them in this favorites but i'm gonna
test them out and see how I like them
and maybe you guys will see this in an
upcoming tutorial or maybe in a
favorites next month so anyways I was
just super excited i went to show you my
to two lipsticks that I got so yeah
thank you guys so much for watching I'm
sorry I haven't been making so many
videos for you guys I I'm a busy busy
mom lately so but i'll try i'll try my
hardest um so yeah thank you guys so
much for watching and I will see you
next time bye